Release fleetd 1.26.0 (#19673)
fleetdm/fleet: orbit/CHANGELOG.md

## Orbit 1.26.0 (Jun 11, 2024)

> * Add `tcc_access` table to `fleetd` for macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `tcc_access` table to `fleetd` for macOS.
```

> HTTP calls from the SOFA macOS tables now identified by a 'fleetd' user agent

Reviewer: Fixed fleetd agent to identify HTTP calls from the SOFA macOS tables.

> When orbit gets host info from osquery at startup, ignore and log osquery error when valid data is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed Orbit to ignore-and-log osquery errors when it gets valid host info from osquery at startup.
```

> * Add `fleetd_logs` table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `fleetd_logs` table
```

* Fixed scripts that were blocking execution of other scripts after timing out on Windows.

* Added the `Self-service` menu item to Fleet Desktop.

> * Update Go version to go1.22.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Go version to go1.22.3
```
